This proposal is full of flaws
It's practically giving away half of Olko's assets. Do you think I'm stupid? I swear I don't know anything about it
Oh really? Who's signature is that?
You've worked for this company for over a decade. You've signed hundreds of contracts. Look, Charlotte. What are you talking about?
All right, let's just call my dad and have you explain it to him in person then
No, no, no, no, wait, wait, wait, listen, okay, I was forced
Okay, bye who?
It's it's it's it's Samantha. Okay, so it's Samantha. She she was afraid Caroline would lose
She brought me to sabotage the project please. Charlotte. Hi dad. How are you my daughter?
Everything's fine. I'll call you later. I knew it
She chose that project on purpose
She wants to frame me as a traitor. I've I've I've confessed okay, so please don't I'm begging you don't tell Mr. Walsh about this
That depends on how you behave from now on is there something that you're not telling me it doesn't make sense
Why would Samantha choose you?
Listen, if you tell me the truth I can protect you
If not neither of the families will spare you. It's Samantha lover